Telegram is not only the best messanger, but the best APP on android. Its so well built it put even google's or samsung's apps to shame, micro animations, the fluidity, performance and seamlessly. One unique app, it has some issues but the UI is absolutely incredible. FAR better than any other app, let alone messaging apps... not even comparible to meta's whatsapp
Simple yet stylish and fast.   I really love how easy to use this app is. From Hiding private notes, cloud sync, and making to do. I just hope there's night mode in it.
I m not satisfied at all. I got the one year premium. How can you charge so much without the ability to sync between devices :O What would happen when i change my phone which i do regulary and how come u cannot save to tje cloud as advertised when the Premium was offered to me. I m looking for an alternative despite having like 11 months left as premium
Excel GPS navigation. Happy with it 😊
Good app but I find some problem in synchronization with my watch and I need to disconnect.
Not 5 Stars yet because it doesn't have a filter to organize the checklists in Alphabetical order or filters to search specific words or notes. It would be very nice to add that feature in a nearly update and then I will pay for the app. It's very good!
I love Notebook! I am learning new tips, what can be done, and how to use more if the different features, every day! I will definitely pass the word about how cool Notebook is! I wish there were more similar that would automatically sync across devices! I have way too many notes and use a note app, several times a day! I'm trying to find out if Notepad allows an "unlimited" amount of notes, or does is stop after we get to a certain amount?
It just didnt give me the satisfaction of a everyday planner that i like
Beautiful and Simple. Easier to start up than Toggl. I hope for more powerful features like tagging, a browser app, and deeper analytics in the future. Good luck!
Like the app overall but it will not sync with my wife's calendar. We have tried everything we could find online to solve this problem but have been unsuccessful. Please help!
This is exactly what I've been looking for! Customizable and easy to use with basic knowledge.
super very nice gps @come
App is great. Can we have a theme attached to label, like if we label a note then the theme for that note changes to something that we have assigned to a certain label. Also I hope you launch the text formatting soon
The best app for make stickers for Whatsap. I personally recommend this app for everyone.
I think it gets the job done. I can't say that it is my favorite because it isn't necessarily easy to navigate. I had to watch a youtube video to do what I wanted to do with it. It is good for typing notes but I am dissatisfied with the handwriting notetaking portion of the app. Since I use this app for schooling, I was really excited to use it to write my notes but I was disappointed pretty early on. I would say it is good for typing but for a college student, its not the best.
Getting error occurred and retry message. Have tried refreshing and uninstalling and reinstalling the app. No good. Can you please check this on priority. Thanks
This app is best aap for social networking
Excellent app. If you use Microsoft planner, Outlook mail, share point then it is excellent app for remind you. I love this app and using it daily.
Video calling not mention
Can't sync manually imported folders/notebooks on desktop to Android via file system. Local storage has it but Joplin does not include it. Also very old bug "ERROR ENOENT no such file or directory" still present. Want to like Joplin but support seems prickly or harsh for non devs.
Its a nice app, it has been working fine for me until this night, its saying theres a problem with the sticker pack and it wont let me send the stickers to whatsapp, and there's no new update for the app, please try and fix this problem
This is probably the best notes app for android, clean, straight to the point, easy to use and beautifully designed. The only thing that would make this the perfect app is text formatting.
Animated stickers from gif don't show on whatsapp even after creating them in a pack and adding them to whatsapp, and using the own apps's keyboard.
Good for me but Hindi naman siya mazoom ng malinaw pag dating sa gadget ko
#Spyware BEWARE! THEY ARE SPYING ON YOUR TEXTS AND MESSAGES WITH SOFTWARE PROGRAMS AND SUSPENDING ACCOUNTS THE BOTS FIND "SUSPICIOUS". They claim to give you total anonymity and they never see messages or calls on their "encrypted servers" . Then how come the legal department suspended my account if this app is actually private! I had used this app for over 4 years and suddenly as of June 1st, 2022 my businesses work number was completely banished without forewarning. #Spyware Go to Signal...
Exactly what I needed! I needed customizable widget for taking notes. I love that it can also do a backup and restore. The only thing I miss is scheduled backups. I setup automatic backup of the whole my phone file system into cloud, but my notes are not backed up automatically, I should manually export them occasionally.
A big problem of maps me is that you can not synchronise it whith your other devices so you have to bookmark your interest points on each device separately one by one, that is awful Please activate synchronizing and backuping whith email to work on multi devices for a user Thanks
Top 👍recovery all photo video chat very good this is app
ZERO STARS - Very Very VERY unhappy. I have had a PRO account for several years and in mid-2019 i could no longer login via a web browser on a PC. No web browser works, not on chrome or IE of Firefox. No support either. Used to be great, but now seems totally unsupported. Found "STANDARD NOTE" and am in the process of migrating all notes into it. "STANDARD NOTE" really works well and is 100% encrypted. Cancelling my gnotes.me membership -
Educational
Use to be good now its just spam bots and ads
I get my weather from KALB News channel 5
Nice app. You can write, import PDF, export notes to cloud. But it doesn't sync between devices Notes from tablet you can't access from phone. The only way is to export to Dropbox and import to your mobile. We have almost 2022, this is a major drawback
Useful app but the device syncing is very unreliable. Version conflicts are a constant. On Android the app gets stuck in an update loop. Too bad, because could be a good app. 2022 update: the sync issues are mostly resolved. I occasionally have an issue when I use this on my very, very old iPad but, jeez, they still support it. Overall, this is an unbelievably good notetaking/journaling app and they offer it for free. Thanks Zoho.
why does my account isn't eligible for monetization? when i haven't posted anything that could break the community guidelines.fix it
So close to perfect! I very much want to support this app except there is no way to carry out a subscription except through Play Store. Some of the features that are pro are certainly worth the price, but a more decentralized option would be worth 5 stars and twice the subscription rate.
🎯💝Yes! Time Fee for Free GPS Navigation
Great app, easy to use, great way to keep track of recurring tasks, whether it's daily, fixed or flexible.
Lacks basic security features and developer seems to lack awareness of terminology: E2E encryption is not really E2E when the data stays unencrypted locally.
Easy to use. mobile friendly.
I saw that this app had good ratings so I checked it out. It was definitely very cute and easy to use but every second item I added onto a note I get an unskippable 5-10 second ad so that completely ruined the experience for me. Can you imagine any other notetaking app that forces you to wait 10 seconds after you write 2 sentences? Unthinkable for a notetaking app - please stick to banner ads only for these kind of apps. The only reason I'm not giving it 1 star is that it was genuinely cute.
1. The app doesn't work at the background! You have to open it before it can be connected I'm using Tecno Pop5 I'm also connected to the internet via my MTN sim. 2. I've started receiving data this morning, thanks to the management 3. We should be able to contribute our comments to the post been shared, like Facebook and make or add new friends from comment section 😎 4. I would love to have a WWE news channel on the news list. 5 atars when all problems are sulved✌️
I'm doing a Tour De Habit Trackers and this one is one of the best I've seen. Simple UI, but lets you do stuff like reorder really easily which is a feature that is weirdly missing in *many* of these apps. I need the ability to say "do xyz every Monday" rather than the more nebulous "once a week" that Loop allows, and also need to easily be able to do ad-hoc goals on top of my habits, but this app not having those things isn't really a failing since it's got a pretty narrow focus. Great for what it is- better than a lot of the paid options out there.
Cloud sync not working now. Disappointing....